1. Before doing any other investigation, list two or three questions that this infographic and explanation of methodology raise in your mind.


2. Where can you find Google Trends search data? Provide the URL.

https://trends.google.com/trends/

3. The article concluded that “milkshakes take the crown as the ultimate breakup food, topping the list in six states.” Pull up Google Trends data on Milkshake (beverage) and change the date range to February 1, 2024 through February 28, 2025.

a) What is the highest peak recorded in the line chart for “Interest over time”?

July, 2024

b) What is the lowest dip recorded?

Nov 30 - Dec 31, 2024

4. At the top next to the box for “Milkshake,” there is a plus sign to add another search term. Click the plus sign to add a search for Hamburger (Food).


a) What is the highest peak recorded for searches using Hamburger? What is the lowest dip?

The highest is Apr 30 - May 31, 2024. The lowest Nov 30th - Dec 31st. 

b) What happened to the line for Milkshake? What do the high and low look like now?

It changed. The line for the milkshake looks more linear.

5. Why did the line for Milkshake change? Hint: Click on the icon next to “Interest over time” for more information about how trend results are displayed.


6. Add a third term to your search, this time for Breakup (Topic)


a) Do you see any patterns that suggest a relationship between searches for Breakup and Hamburger?
I don't see any correlation for breakup and hamburger.

b) How about between Breakup and Milkshake?
There is some correlations between the breakup and milkshake.

7. What does all of this suggest about the reliability of the conclusions reached in the article? 
Accurate and consistent data. 

8. At the upper right of Google Trends, click on the link for “Back to Classic Explore.” Notice that this view includes a section for “Compared breakdown by subregion.”

a) What was the top state by interest for Milkshake?
Delaware

b) What was the top state by interest for Hamburger?
South Carolina






